RHIBMCS-145: Add SCC/PSA Coexistence Concept (#70124)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/security-context-constraints-psa-coexistence.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * authentication/understanding-and-managing-pod-security-admission.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="security-context-constraints-psa-coexistence_{context}"]

> = Understanding pod security admission coexistence

Reviewer: +1 to this or a similar suggestion that shows the two items we're talking about working together.

> The Kubernetes pod security admission controller and the security context constraints controller work together to enforce both policies simultaneously, while preserving backward compatibility as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes pod security admission controller enforces pod security profiles. The security context constraints controller enforces security context constraints (SCC). The controllers work together using the following webhooks to enforce security policies and preserve backward compatibility:
```
This sentence is pretty long. I suggest introducing the controllers with two shorter sentences, then introducing the webhooks as the means through which the controllers work together.

> Pod security admission standards and security context constraints are reconciled and enforced by two independent controllers.   The two controllers work together using the following processes to enforce security policies and preserve backward compatibility:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Pod security admission standards and security context constraints are reconciled and enforced by two independent controllers. The two controllers work independently using the following processes to enforce security policies:
```
(neither of the controllers described contributes to backward compatibility)

Author: fixed

> The Kubernetes pod security admission controller enforces pod security profiles. The security context constraints controller enforces security context constraints (SCC). The controllers work together using the following webhooks to enforce security policies and preserve backward compatibility:

Author: @xingxingxia I'm trying to make it clear that there are two different controllers that govern a pod's `securityContext`.  

The PSA controller enforces pod security profiles on pod securityContexts
The SCC controller enforces and sets defaults for SecurityContextConstraint policies on pod securityContexts

I'll try to make this more obvious.

> . The security context constraint mutating webhook sets the required defaults for the pod's assigned SCC. For example, if the seccomp profile is empty or not set, the webhook sets the default type to `RuntimeDefault`.

Reviewer 4: > sets the required defaults for the pod's assigned SCC

Changing `for` to `as per` is better precise.

> if the seccomp profile is empty or not set, the webhook sets the default type to `RuntimeDefault`.

To be precise, it should add one more condition "and if the pod's assigned SCC enforces `seccompProfiles` field to be `runtime/default`":
```
if the seccomp profile is empty or not set and if the pod's assigned SCC enforces `seccompProfiles` field to be `runtime/default`, the webhook sets the default type to `RuntimeDefault`.
```

> . The security context constraint mutating webhook sets the required defaults for the pod's assigned SCC. For example, if the seccomp profile is empty or not set, the webhook sets the default type to `RuntimeDefault`.

Reviewer 3: This should be:
The security context constraints admission is capable of mutating some security context fields depending on which SCC matches the security contexts of a pod.

Author: I've tried to merge the two comments from stlaz and xingxingxia

> . The security context constraint controller may mutate some security context fields per the pod's assigned SCC. For example, if the seccomp profile is empty or not set and if the pod's assigned SCC enforces `seccompProfiles` field to be `runtime/default`, the controller sets the default type to `RuntimeDefault`.

Reviewer 3: An SCC _is not_ assigned to a pod. An SCC matches a pod.

Author: fixed

> 1. The security context constraint mutating webhook for the assigned `SecurityContextConstraint` sets any required defaults for the pod.  For example, if the `seccompProfile` is empty or not set, the security context constraint mutating webhook will set the default to `RuntimeDefault`.
> 
> 2. The security context constraint validating webhook validates the pod's security context against the assigned `SecurityContextConstraint` policy.
> 
> 3. The pod security admission validating webhook validates against the assigned pod security standard assigned to the namespace.

Reviewer 2: I think this would be easier to read as a definition list:
```suggestion
Security context constraint mutating webhook :: Sets the required defaults for the pod's assigned SCC. For example, if the seccomp profile is empty or not set, the webhook sets the default type to `RuntimeDefault`

Security context constraint validating webhook :: Validates the pod's security context against the assigned SCC

Pod security admission validating webhook :: Validates against the pod security standard assigned to the namespace
```

Reviewer: I like Michael's presentation suggestion, unless these items do actually happen in this specific order. If that's the case, then I think it'd be better to keep them as an ordered list. If that's the case though, use `.` for each item instead of a number, like `1.`.

Author: I agree with the suggestion.  The order does matter, so I'll fix the tagging.
